the toe behind ER leaf and lawn vacuum
is a great machine if you own a riding
mower and have a large lawn with a lot
of leaves to collect but if you don't
own a riding mower or if your lawn is
small our walk behind dr leaf and lawn
back you may be the perfect solution for
you
this powerful machine makes quick work
of collecting and mulching a lot of
leaves in a short amount of time saving
you hours of work doctor mention your
arms and back let me give you an
overview
the walk-behind dr leaf and lawn vacuum
is powered by a briggs & stratton 11.5
series engine this high-performance
engine is far more powerful than engines
found on other walk-behind lawn backs
and it's that extra power that gives the
dr leaf and lawn vacuum tremendous
vacuum suction for unbeatable
performance this big engine drives our
massive steel impeller which is serrated
with five fins that help create
tremendous suction power and unlike any
other lawn vacuum our steel impeller
carries a lifetime warranty against
bending or breaking if it's ever damaged
during normal use we'll replace it free
of charge because of its power the dr
leaf and lawn vacuum pulls up leaves
grass clippings twigs and other yard
debris better than any other walk-behind
lawn vacuum it manages deep piles of
leaves easily making a clean sweep on
the very first pass as debris is being
collected it's shredded by the impeller
and then deposited in the collection bag
the shredding action is so effective
that up to seven bags of whole leaves
are reduced to one bag of fine mulch
when the bag is full unloading it is a
cinch drive the machine to your dump
site shut down the engine and open the
large zipper and just look at this mulch
set it aside for a while and you'll soon
have nutrient-rich compost for your
garden when you're done unloading zip
the bag back up restart the engine and
you're ready to go again
the dr leaf and lawn vacuum is
self-propelled it features three forward
speeds plus reverse to suit your walking
pace and terrain just choose your speed
pull the veil bar and go you'll
effortlessly glide along the open areas
of your lawn in tight quarters you can
maneuver quickly around trees and other
obstacles the ribbed turf tread tires
provide a sure grip without digging up
your lawn the self-propelled feature is
especially handy when working on slopes
where you would never take a riding
mower it has plenty of power to charge
up hills even with a full load the
entire machine is just 29 inches wide so
it's ideal for crowded highly landscaped
yards it even fits neatly between most
openings and fences and stone walls if
you get yourself into a tight spot just
shift into power reverse and back your
way out the walk behind dr leaf and lawn
vacuum vacuums a 24 inch wide path
it features an easy single lever height
adjustment so you can set the vacuums
intake height to best suit the surface
being vacuumed use the higher setting
when collecting a thick carpet of leaves
for especially difficult material to
collect like matted wet leaves pine
needles and nuts set the nozzle low and
here's a feature you won't find on every
leaf vacuum a built-in chipper that's
right both dr leaf and lawn vacuum
models feature a chipper so you can chip
branches up to two inches thick and turn
them into beautiful wood chip mulch for
those areas you can't reach with your
leaf in lawn vacuum we offer an optional
vacuum hose attachment it provides 8
feet of reach for cleaning out areas
such as stone walls hedges steps and
walkways
the dr leaf and lawn vacuum is available
in either manual or electric start the
manual start model has a compression
release feature on the engine so it
starts with one or two easy pulls the
electric start model has an onboard
battery hit the switch and you're ready
to go so if you're tired of raking I
know the dr leaf and lawn vacuum is
going to make a huge difference in your
yard clean-up chores all dr leaf and
lawn vacuums are covered by our
exclusive 6-month hands-on trial which
allows you to test the dr leaf and lawn
vacuum at your own home risk free if
within six months the dr leaf and lawn
vacuum isn't all we promised we'll take
it back and give you a full refund less
shipping and handling if you have any
questions about the leaf and lawn
vacuums or if you would like to place an
order
please give us a call toll free at
you
dr is professional power done right